About
=====

<http://WhatTheFuckShouldIBeForHalloween.com> is a rip off of
<http://WhatTheFuckShouldIMakeForDinner.com>. Each reload of
the site serves up a random absurd sexy Halloween costume idea.

I've written a blog post about it:
<http://blog.classicalcode.com/2013/10/whatthefuckshouldibeforhalloween-com/>

Workings
========

Costume suggestions are generated by `SuggestionGenerator.php`. `index.php` is
served with one initial suggestion. We immediately start caching more
suggestions from `api.php` which serves a list of suggestions in json format.

When the randomly generated "rejection" link is clicked, a new suggestions is
popped off of our cache and shown to the user. If the cache falls below
a certain threshold, we automatically begin fetching another batch from the
API.

This should allow for infinite "refreshes" which load instantaneously.

If the client does not have Javascript enabled, the rejection link simply
reloads `index.php`.

API
===

The file `/api.php` returns a json array of suggestions. It accepts the
following arguments:

    /api.php?count=10   # Number of suggestions to return (default: 1, max: 49)
    /api.php?clean=1    # Convert "fuck" to "f**k" (default: 0)

They can, of course be combined:

    /api.php?count=20&clean=1

Thanks to @anglinb for the original API pull request.

Contribute
==========

The site mostly consists of the following lists:

1. **Prompts**: Rude ways of suggesting a costume. Must include the word "fuck"
   in some form.
2. **Adjectives**: Synonyms for sexy. Must be real words.
3. **Nouns**: Funny nouns. Ideally the noun will not be funny or sexual on it's
   own. People/professions are off limits as they result in less absurd
   results.
4. **Nexts**: Phrases the user might use to reject the current suggestion. Not
   profane.  Written from the user's point of view.

They can be found in `SuggestionGenerator.php`. If you would like to suggest
some additional options for these lists, or any other features, please send
a pull request.

Contact
=======

If you have any questions or comments feel free to email me
(jordaneldredge@gmail.com) or find me on Twitter where I am
[@captbaritone](https://twitter.com/captbaritone).

License
=======

Public Domain. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
